Swagger allows globally overriding response messages of HTTP methods.
So springfox will provide default messages for certain error codes.
For example, 201 created,
204 no content as well as several 400 responses like 404 not found.
But there may be cases when
the default response messages don't really apply for your API.
So you can turn off default response messages and define
your own using the add API responses annotation.
So let's look at this configuration file.
The first step is to turn off the default responses here on line 27.
So I'm saying use default response messages and I'm passing and false.
So that turns off the default responses.
Now, I have to navigate to the location controller that's
LocationController.Java and this is where I add my own custom response messages.
So notice here at the controller level on line 17 through 21,
I'm adding in custom messages.
So for 400 error message,
I'm saying this is a bad request,
please follow the API documentation for the proper request format.
I'm doing the same thing for 401.
I'm providing a custom error message and for 500,
I'm providing a custom error message.
So now let's navigate to the swagger UI.
I've already deployed the application and it's up and running.
So here's the swagger UI.
Let's look at our location controller and let's click on this operation.
Now notice along with the 200 code,
we have the three custom responses that I've provided for 400, 401, and 500.
So this is a look at how you can customize error messages coming from your APIs.